Checkpoint 1 Writeup
====================

My name: Sid Potti

My SUNet ID: sidpotti

I collaborated with: [list sunetids here]

I would like to thank/reward these classmates for their help: [list sunetids here]

This lab took me about [n] hours to do. I [did/did not] attend the lab session.

I was surprised by or edified to learn that: [describe]

Report from the hands-on component of the lab checkpoint: [include
information from 2.1(4), and report on your experience in 2.2]

2.1 (4).
a) Average RTT: 13.448  ms.

b) 

Delivery Rate  = 998 / 1000 * 100 = 99.8 % 

Loss rate = 100% - DR = 0.2% 

c) No duplicated datagrams were observed during these 1,000 pings.

d) e)  f) 

In wireshark, I did see the fields that were discussed in lecture. THE ICMP protocol fields inlcuding length, time to live, protocol, source add, checksum, and dest address, etc... 
We did find a difference between the same datagrams. For the same datagram, the TTL (Time-to-Live) field decreases by 1 with each hop it takes across the network, and the header checksum is recalculated to reflect this change. All other fields, such as the source and destination IPs and the data payload, remain constant. Additionally, the ICMP packets generated by me and my friend’s VM have unique IDs, which distinguish the two ping processes. 


2.2 

With IP protocol solely, I send my packet to my groupmate who was able to receive it and send one of his own to my ip address. Using UDP, I specified port 1024 and further payload head information for UDP, and my groupmate bound to port 1024, and was able to receive my message of "namaste". The same happened vice versa. I set the protocol to 17 for UDP communication to work. 

Describe Reassembler structure and design. [Describe data structures and
approach taken. Describe alternative designs considered or tested.
Describe benefits and weaknesses of your design compared with
alternatives -- perhaps in terms of simplicity/complexity, risk of
bugs, asymptotic performance, empirical performance, required
implementation time and difficulty, and other factors. Include any
measurements if applicable.]

Implementation Challenges:
[]

Remaining Bugs:
[]

- Optional: I had unexpected difficulty with: [describe]

- Optional: I think you could make this lab better by: [describe]

- Optional: I'm not sure about: [describe]
